[Freshness] US-1953530: Refresh top articles by PV - .NET and Languages Content (4) (#30256)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/exceptions/how-to-create-user-defined-exceptions.md

---
# How to create user-defined exceptions

> .NET provides a hierarchy of exception classes ultimately derived from the <xref:System.Exception> base class. However, if none of the predefined exceptions meet your needs, you can derive the <xref:System.Exception> class to create your own exception classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.NET provides a hierarchy of exception classes ultimately derived from the <xref:System.Exception> base class. However, if none of the predefined exceptions meet your needs, you can create your own exception classes by deriving from the <xref:System.Exception> class.
```

---
# How to create user-defined exceptions

> .NET provides a hierarchy of exception classes ultimately derived from the base class <xref:System.Exception>. However, if exceptions meet your needs, you can create your own exception classes by deriving from the <xref:System.Exception> class.

Author: Updated as per the context.
